Welcome, guys.
Let's move on to the next problem.
And yeah, in this problem, we will see we will see that.
Yes, we did.
Solving that problem.
But.
How is dynamic programming so constrained specific?
It is so constraint tied.
Basically, we always have.
We going to have multiple ways of solving our time programming problem, right?
But when we code it out, when we try to submit it, it should run within the time limit that we are
given.
And so it's constraint specific.
So you understand, why am I saying solving this problem?
So it's the problem statement is exactly the same.
Not even a single line is change this only the only changes in the constraints that end is hundred as
it was in the previous.
But in previous, which is knapsack one, let's stick it out the next segment.
What we have is weirdos tend to refer you and values us and add the boat name.
But here what we can see is that.
The weirdest ended the overnight alert post-World War five rate and values the standard of poverty in
this case.
But what we had was values was starting to do overnight when we bought it.
This part, when we're recording this part, indexing.
Wait, so it was like within the limits that was standard above a seven.
But right now, if I try to summon this problem on this particular monster in specific.
If I saw my dissertation on this constant specific problem and I'll get ten over 11 complexity.
Why?
Because.
And isn't it what?
We're standard of our name.
We're distended the word name eight.
So these many values we it's going to have.
So I cannot risk it.
Of course, this won't work, right?
Because the poverty level is too much.
How can we solve this?
How can we do this?
Problem.
So I just suggest your to positively.
Think about.
Making V as an argument instead of weight i instead of w i now we should have var is an argument.
It's a for you and I and think about this.
Try to.
Another, it will be like, I'm not sure that will work or not because I haven't submitted it, but
I'll call it that way first and then we'll see.
What are the different possible approaches to solve this problem?
It's a little tricky problem, guys.
I try and go slow.
I'm not sure.
Right.
I to go very slow in this.
So, yes.
But not.
I hope you all have been through a very classical problem which is upset some problem in the subsequent
problem which we we're actually trying to figure out whether a particular subset of the given area has
a specific some or not.
And that's a very famous problem.
And you all must have done it, which is a subset, some problem.
Eight.
So we'll be using the idea behind some of problem in this particular.
Alicia eight.
So what's the idea behind subscription problem for every industry?
Are trying to find out whether this particular sum has been made or not.
And we are doing that for all to some treat just like knapsack problem pick or don't take some values
will change and will come to know whether that particular item is possible or not.
In this, what happens is.
We'll do the same thing, right?
That will take a value.
All we want is a value.
Yeah.
So either we take an item or we won't take an item, but we'll figure out it whether a particular value
can be made by utilizing the items.
Okay.
So basically it's like, let me ride it out.
Here we are really having a state which is deep.
I.
And.
And it's quality.
But what would really be aged to present it will represent.
If it will be a billion people.
Right?
If the 400.
If so.
If.
Or whether it.
They'd better.
Whether.
Value.
Did they?
Today's a value here in Ireland exists whether value can be.
By using.
I index's.
There's like a subset some problem surveys before moving on to this because as I said, it's a little
tricky.
I want you to understand the subset.
Some problem.
Eight.
And the video is, I think, in the course itself, and you can easily take the video of the subsequent
problem.
And it's a very famous problem.
It's a very easy problem of classical problem.
So in this absurd some problem.
Also we have the same thing.
We have a billion DPD dependent.
We tell them we show them that whether a particular sum is possible from the index or not we are doing
is whether value j can be found using either indexes or not.
I.
So let's see how.
Will this work?
Because it's kind of very interesting and a little tricky, but I'll go slow.
So let's take the first one, which again, guys, it is the 30 or 55, 68.
So.
30.
450.
See how a little change in the costume kind of completely changes our solution.
833, 3450 and 560.
Then making a table will fill the table.
Just accepted some problem, I.
So let's have photos.
One will be an empty room.
Is zero one, two, three.
And what are the values here?
So the values here that we have is 30, 50 and 60, right.
So instead of tardy 1564 an hour, let me take.
Let's think normal values, right?
So I'm just removing zero for explanation purposes.
So we have three, five and six as a values.
And these are the words.
Well so yeah so having here was a values so zero.
And zero.
Let's make the columns to the sum of the values.
Let's let's make this column and let's say it goes to the sum of all the values.
Zero one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
And we'll have.
It.
Nine and six five with 11 entries.
14, 12, ten, 11, 12, 13, 14.
I think we won't be needing ten in other values, but yeah, for your understanding, we are making
this big table eight.
Now tell me.
So this is a boolean table, right?
So it's a boolean, but it will be filling out the zeros and ones, but here we'll be needing one another
table and that's kind of very important part.
Another table that we need here will be unity and the table, which is the minimum wage table.
So this is one solution that I'm proposing and I'm trying to explain it to you.
And there will be another solution that will propose in the next video rate, and we'll see which of
the solutions work actually.
So just try to understand this and it's very interesting.
So I'm giving you basically one, you now have three different types of solutions.
One, that's a problem we have.
You'll have another table called minimum rates.
And what will this table do?
So it will be like one on one mapping of the above table only basically.
And.
Great.
So you do.
One, two, three, four, five.
Three eight.
So here we have the second table and.
But if I don't use fancy tables and proper linens, I just want you to understand this.
But what I do is this is the minimum wage, stupid.
What is minimum wage mean?
Actually, minimum wage, in my terminology, means it for a particular index and for a particular value.
What is the minimum?
That is required to get the the minimum we need.
So if let's say there are five kids of five different, different rates, then we'll have the minimum
wage.
And that said that, yes, I came to the Senate with this weird.
It is the minimum.
I might have come to the table with five different beats, but I'll take the minimum.
You will.
And now just go with me at eight.
Yeah.
Just be with me.
So we're starting from zero.
Okay.
What index?
Zero.
I say that we don't have anything.
It's empty.
So what are the values that we can make?
Zero values.
Hey, that means I cannot make anybody there, so I'm filling zero on it.
Hey, so that's a boolean.
Zero means that value can be formed.
One means that value can be formed just like this object and problem.
Now, let's move on to the first.
And they tell me, what are the values we have in the first index tree?
Right.
So.
What we have is can military be formed at the first index?
Yes.
So can value zero be formed on the first index?
No value one.
No value to.
No.
But.
Yes.
Value zero zero can be formed from the first index, but from the other NICS by mistake.
That is value zero zero.
What is what does it mean that the zero two value can be formed if I have no items?
Eight That should be true.
Eight.
And yes, let's build them remembered stable.
Also, like simultaneously they will have zero.
000000.
So these are the minimum rates because we are not filling it with anything.
So that's why it's all zeros right now.
No.
We are on.
Let's see.
We are on this particular part here.
And we are now filling the front part, which is at one.
But tell me.
Of that if I try and add the first.
Basically what we call it.
If I train at the first rate with the first rate with three and a value three, it's the right number.
You're just worrying about values.
So.
And then they have six values, zero, one and two.
If I'm on the first index, if only the elements in first index are considered know they cannot have
it's voted in 00008.
So it's kind of the tabular DP that I'm trying to meet.
So how does it work?
There'd be b, IAG is the value, right?
But BP.
IAG will only be true if.
EPI I minus one day through.
Again.
I'll give you a big explanation for this.
Do not get.
So this is deep.
I hear.
Eight.
G7.
NDP.
Yeah.
So how can DPA be filled?
If I take.
Yes, I do.
That means.
BP i.
Minus one that means of the previous we must have field day minus its weight.
Eight normal stuff goes there.
In the previous row, we must have filled it with two minus.
That means that particular.
Still should have been filled.
Or was the second part if I don't take it?
If I don't take the right item.
That means, and so should we be.
I mean, this one.
Because I'm not taking it.
That means there is no change in which.
So if I'm minus one Jew, that means that particular value was one.
Then this value can also be formed.
Oh, right.
Now, there's one additional concern that is about the boots, right?
The.
How can I say that?
This particular.
It's not de minus W, h, de minus V, it's the values we are seeking.
You know, human is the values.
Hey, nobody's hugging to see that.
This particular can be offered.
So let's see the Jimenez VA Jimenez VA sell on the A-minus went through and it was filled with some
fairly close to W only eight.
No, I cannot take dietary advice because the weight the weight in that particular position a bit their
weight that means on my enjoyment index and do my manageable weight in the minimum stable while w that
means.
Value that was being formed, which is Dominion's value that was being formed, was from a bit late,
but now.
But now I cannot evaluate item because item I will have some weight and I cannot like included in the
knapsack with this current VW.
Well, I have to have this.
That's why I'm keeping the minimum stable as a separate table, right where I'll be just feeling what
is the minimum wage in this particular value is being filled.
So once I fill this, then you will easily understand this.
Just be with me.
Yeah.
Now, let's move on to the first index.
We can easily see that.
We can fill.
This value.
We can feel this tree value if I take item number one five because BP.
One minus one is zero and j minus we're just three.
Minus three is it goes to one.
That means if this particular location was filled and the weight was zero, right.
So if it was zero and I add zero plus it's gotten root three.
So zero plus three is less than the total weight eight zero plus.
There is less in the total weight which is.
Yeah.
What was the total weight?
Yeah, it.
So.
Yeah, so it is eight.
So what we have is.
This can be filled.
Eight.
Similarly, a four cannot be fooled.
Five cannot be fooled.
Six cannot be fooled.
Seven Going to revered Canada.
But yes, zero can be found.
Eight V0 can be free.
We all know because.
We are not taking the first element.
That means if well, if there was.
Something with values zero.
That means there will be something with value zero again, because I'm not taking the current element
much like the subsequent problem.
Now let's talk about the second.
I do.
The second item.
Okay, so I just forgot this.
We also have to feel the way.
It's right here.
The way it will be 0080.
But now goes the way it will be.
Three five will do will be three because this is the minimum rate from which I am able to.
Why did I make it one?
Because, yes, there was a particular combination such that value three can be formed eight.
So this is the minimum weight, which is three.
Says that this particular combination can reform rate similarly zero for all.
It now.
Yeah.
Now, let's talk about that second element, which is foreign flight.
I want to find out whether zero value can be filled or not.
Yes, it can be filled.
If I'm not taking the second element, the zero value will be filled with a weird zero.
And then the value one before you know why?
Because.
We cannot fill it because both of these is in vogue.
Both of these because of relations don't want to be I mean is one Jay's also not true and baby Iman
is Benjamin as we age out of index eight.
But this also doesn't work.
This also doesn't work.
But this will work with the minimum rate of.
Right now.
So I just constantly keep on updating because after that what I have is let's move on to forward.
So this won't work, but five will work.
Why?
Because this is true.
Which is?
Dubai.
Minus one, five.
Minus five.
If that's true, I can make this five happen.
Right?
That means it will be one of you.
So what is the minimum wage for five days?
It will be for eight.
Well, I hope you're getting this minimum feeling rich, because here we are, 100 plus.
The current rate, which is four, is less than maximum.
We pay two for all the values, for all the indexes and for all the values.
I'm actually having the minimum rate.
This is the minimum rate in which this particular value is being formed.
If they are multiple, it will take the minimum rate.
So yeah for over here and let's move forward.
0601 reform because six is not great and six minus five is not set, which is one.
Not formed not.
And yes, this will be formed goes by because eight minus five is three.
So if.
One commentary is true.
That means to Obama.
It will also be true.
Why?
Because all you mean is one day minus value.
This particular value can be formed eight and.
Yeah.
So I adopted it with the minimum wage.
What is the minimum wage here?
So we have the weird three over here.
A three plus 523 plus for the second rate is seven.
This is the minimum that I was talking about.
Now.
Nine zero ten 090 ten zero one.
Let's read the last column, and in last year it will be one with a weird zero.
So but the rate is five and the values six eight.
So right now we just have to copy from the above only.
So zero, one, zero.
And so value six and eight.
So then five, let's just copy it.
So here will be 0030.
Then the minimum wage till now is three if this value is being filled.
And.
Well, now let's move to this.
Six, eight.
Let's come to the six we know.
If I want to fill this particular cell with just to become a six, then I would be needing to go almost
six in and two comma denotes it to zero.
STRUS That means this will also be true.
Eight That means this sum can be found.
If I only consider the third element over the minimum video, it will be zero plus.
I would just fight.
Well, okay.
So it's not in this.
I guess this is it.
Yeah, this will be fun and this will be fine, but.
Let's move on to the next cell, which is seven cell.
Here we have.
The value to be six.
So it will be seven minus six is one.
So of course that's not true and even this is not true.
So seven cannot be formed.
It'll fill the void with zeros.
And so guess what?
Here I am, filling the world with the robot.
Initially, what will happen is.
We want to show the minimum wage rate.
So we don't have to fill it with zero.
Will fill it with something very big.
Well.
Now let's move on to the next step.
Which is it?
So if I want to feel that it's in the sequence of the should be true, which is not true.
8 to 0 again, zero again not zero.
Sorry.
VINER Zero.
Because there's a second thing that I if I don't want to take the third item, I won't take it.
So where that answer will be kept, if I don't take it, it will be A-minus funded.
That means no increase in value or simply, yes, this value can be formed and this is the minimum bid
rate and the next is 939.
If nine minus six, it is me.
So here we can see three d has a rate of three.
But three plus it's weird.
Which is five.
So three plus five is less than equal to it.
If three plus five is less and equal to eight.
What does this mean?
This, yes, I can take this particular item into my knapsack because I clearly we had only one of three
in here.
We have it of three.
I mean you only it is three, right.
If this value is being fulfilled with this index, I mean, I'm really sorry, but now.
I can add five after.
Eight five because I'm including the content element.
If I include five of the three, what I'll get is I'll get one.
It yes, it can be found with a minimum rate of five plus three.
Is it.
Actually, I'm trying to constantly keep the minimum wage stuff.
Eight.
So some of you might be thinking that these words are like unique.
Why am I saying minimum binary?
It's minimum because, guys, this is a pretty good example in which we don't have winter coming to
any state with two different.
But we are not going to win the state with two different parts.
So.
In this example, we we did not come across that particular.
Is where we have to take the minimum wage in all of your ten unique and we're taking them rate but let's
say at this position I came from this step here also and here also I mean from two different transitions
they coming to a one particular cell, one particular strain of TB, then I have to take the minimum
of the bodyweight eight so here it would be one and it will be eight and similarly zero and zero eight.
So after all of this, is what I take, is it for all the elements that do it in next three?
What is the maximum value that can be?
What is the maximum value that can be filled?
It is nine.
The maximum value, which is fewer, which has a weight less than equal to it is.
Eight.
The nine will be my final answer.
Initially, I remove zeros from the values, so if I had zero, it will become 90.
We are getting this.
It's very similar to the substation problem.
So instead of having IEEE and Bates As.
Instead of having I invades as the able.
Arguments, stable rows and columns, 30 p values.
I'm having i.e. the design index and the values.
So it's like constant specific.
But I just like.
If you are still not getting this, then I think you should move on to the knapsack problem which is
being expanded, the NBA and you should see that part of the right.
So he's building that table using the knapsack because I haven't explained that in the previous video.
I was extremely recursive approach because I was expecting that you have already gone through this knapsack
thing.
Right.
And also see this obstruction problem.
So in their tabular and normal knapsack approach, what we do is we will wait over it.
Right.
We feel valued over here and we have build, says the argument.
I'm talking about the normal knapsack problem in which we fill a table.
Here we have indexes.
Here we have weights.
And here inside, we have values eight.
But in this, what I'm doing is I'm having index Hoosier values here and virtue.
And these people said, actually, minimum wage.
And finally, what I'm figuring out and what is the last column which is filled?
The last column which is filled will be the values column and that particular value has been made.
Eight.
So it's been a big explanation and a really tricky one.
Let's call it out base.
Including for the first time.
This particular part?
Yes.
Let's see.
Yeah.
So we what we have is we have all this stuff, actually.
And isn't it.
Yes.
And is under VW.
Okay.
So we don't need this memo part.
Before this.
Let me see if this.
Nap.
Open new.
This will be Napster, too.
So let's remove the memo part and remove this.
Right.
What we have is values which w in n will.
Cool.
Cool, cool.
Okay.
What else do we need, guys?
We also need some one another, which is minimum wage, stable minimum wage.
They try to fill it with something else.
Eight.
So yeah.
So this minimum wage statement should be and cross sum of total values.
So the sum of total values is the maximum a loser going to in the worst case, what is the maximum value
we're going to have, which is energy poverty?
And.
And then to the poverty.
In two.
Andrew Right.
So distant is about five.
So yeah, it will be 100001.
This is the minimum wage stable.
And similarly, let's make a debatable.
100018.
And literally one by one.
So for the first.
Yeah.
So let's move on by one.
So I will go from zero to equal to end eight by because I've considered zero to be an empty set.
So everything should be one base indexing.
Everything is one base indexing.
I read one over here.
Right.
And so from one to in, I'm just simply taking it as an input.
Here we have.
Zero two NBA went from zero to win.
So what do I need to feel, guys?
In the zero eight rule of this tables but only this value should be 800 should be one.
This is a base case that I don't have anything but yes, the value of zero can be fought.
What is the minimum rate of zero zero?
It is.
Zero eight.
Because I'm not doing anything that that means the rate is zero.
So what I'll do is I'll simply, ma'am, set the minimum table before this.
A very big value.
Right.
And.
I think zero extra.
If we take zero extra, you need to let me check.
Mama said.
Minimum wage stable.
20x3 every passing from address.
He's off.
Minimum.
Which is to say, is this forward?
Is this?
It will bottle w.
So it's being filled with very big values because I'm giving it to an actress who does this monitoring
to fill it with very big values.
This is a big value.
Great incentive of all you can do is you can.
How does it work?
It takes murder.
So you're setting the memory and not the variable eight.
So do not get confused.
If you want to set the variable, you want to set the object, then you take vector.
This is it.
With that particular value, you want to fill it.
Otherwise it won't work.
So it's setting the memory in memory and passing a big address of this particular.
Number eight.
So it's a decimal eight.
And.
Well, let's move ahead.
This will be values eight to.
It's called values.
And these values will go to.
Oh, let's let's make it go till all these.
Some of all the videos.
It should be less than this.
Well, so this is deep zero zero.
This is minimum wage zero zero.
And we feel all that the minimum wage with something very, very big.
And if you want to feel the minimum wage bill, not with not something this big and you're not able
to say, do this, apply for hate.
Because minimum wage table it will it is also of this particular length eight.
So what you gonna do is you can just apply a loop and fill these values like this.
Based zero two in and minimum value I value is equal to let's call it intermix.
Willing to make it work.
It's sick.
We need a winner.
Okay.
Then we fill it with something bigger.
Fill it with money.
Pretty well anything.
So we go from zero to in values, go from 0 to 4 under the power five rule.
So we are actually trading with all the table.
If in the best case we are normal, we won't be going in the first row anymore.
Empty row.
I will start with the second row, which is over the next one eight here.
What do I need to do is firstly I have to check this and if you p i minus one.
And value.
That means if I'm not taking them.
It can.
H if I'm not taking it that deep.
I mean, one value should be said that it should be equal to one.
I've taken it as an integer.
Right.
If this is sick, then it's very good.
Let's see what this case.
What we'll do is we'll simply say the p value is equal to one.
That means, yes, this value can be formed.
Secondly, let's upgrade the minimum bid minimum rate of I.
Value is equal to a minimum of whatever the minimum was going on.
The above, which is minimum weight of.
Minus one and.
So I'm constantly updating the minimum wage.
So this is about when I'm not taking the agitator.
So the answer is Camp David.
That's true.
Great.
I'm not taking it.
And just.
Give me the minimum wage.
Upgrade the minimum wage I can live.
I'm taking it.
When can I take it?
When can I take this particular value if, uh, let's say a value minus V.
Okay.
So I'm going with all the military media.
So if voluminous VA if there should be a greater than or equal to zero, first of all, then only I
can check for this value rate if luminance b is greater than or equal to zero and participation condition
if minimum.
And yes, this should also be true EBIT and value minus four should be true.
Right.
Because if that is, that cell is being filled.
If there was a way of making their tail, then there should be a way of making this.
And what that third and final condition.
At minimum wage of the current cell that is I and.
But this should be a minus one and the minimum rate of i.e. minus one and value minus via.
But many members of this cell.
Yeah.
So let me make another next thing.
If I'm if I'm acting and if I'm taking an element, if I'm taking an item, it means I'm adding the
weights, the minimum weight of I minus one voluminous value that that particular sin, if that plus
cut into it, is less than equal to W, then only I can pick this particular item.
So we have to recondition.
The first is its value should be this.
It's the value that I'm trying to fill should be greater than the value of the item.
Secondly.
It's if I'm applying this item after a particular.
Another item, another values, that that should be true, that only this can be true.
The third is minimum eight.
So let me updated.
What I do here is I simply say the i.e. value is equal to one because that's true and the P and minimum,
it's up to the minimum wage.
So minimum wage, i.e. value is equal to minimum of.
Minimum wage.
I value Obama, whatever the minimum.
What's going on?
Karma.
What are we going to eat?
Yeah.
This food.
This w.
Well.
So if I'm feeling it with this particular weight.
This plus w then it will automatically be made.
The trip checked into the date doesn't go out of bounds.
Also eight.
And what's the final?
Thing.
So what did we decide that the last value column which is being filled.
But it's it's kind of there's a larger subset sum basically.
It's a subset some problem with a specific concern that the knapsack has a weight.
But, Richard, not actually so far that we're we're trying to store minimum boots everywhere and trying
to make transitions the water finally.
Oh, yeah.
So what?
What would be the final answer?
It should be the last value we just fill.
Right.
Let's go this way.
Only let's start.
I believe only when you are evil you will go.
They'll find 0001.
I shouldn't be going to go on standard instead.
So if what we call it, BP lasted and minus one day.
So and in this case because I'm digging when base indexing if DB end value that means answer is.
Well, whatever it is, the last one it will answer will automatically take it as the last one.
It's ballistic for errors.
Right so here we C-17s the answer rate so I hope the 17 is a it's answered eight.
Its take for this.
And then let's build.
For this.
So here.
Yeah.
So here we have a problem.
They too, let's say.
What's the problem we're facing?
They begin to be great.
But in this the answer should be ten alternative.
And over this the answer is standard eight.
But in our code it is giving us.
Yeah.
So it should not be five.
Five.
It should be.
It is isn't great.
So the second statement is slightly changed.
And now let me say I'm retired.
Okay.
Let's see.
It works and not.
The delineates discuss the complexity of this.
So initially what I have is I've taken the input not a big deal then I have.
Used.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like there it is.
And in the end it's about five, which is going to be over seven.
Similarly, I'm doing the same thing in this volume, which is and we're going to do the book five.
We're just going to do our seven.
Or.
Yeah.
Is listening to seven eight.
So here we can see we've got the accepted solution.
So this is the first time trying it and see the time is also really less.
What's happening here is let me attributed repudiate the value the concept of the the value going state
is very small with this of over three eight.
But the total value that can be formed is in about three in 200 because we have those many items pertaining
to the boat.
Five is the total value that can be formed due to their term.
Taking columns to return to the five year.
Well, now, what we're trying to do is for every index and for every value, we are trying to fill
it by using a similar recursive religion that if I take that element, that means this particular value
should be filled.
Second condition was.
The minimum wage at this index that is minus one G, minus V.
The minimum wage plus the current weight of the current aluminium taking.
It should be less any W and the third very the third was just a constraint check that it doesn't go
out of bounds full.
If I don't take it, then it's very simple.
It is human is one.
And and they believe me.
You will find only these two these two relations you will find in this absurd.
Same problem.
Same.
Problem and you will find.
The same thing in the knapsack.
Not my problem also.
Eight.
Where we are just feeling a the bit.
In that we are feeling the values normal.
But here we are feeling the weights, the minimum wage.
The minimum wage part is very important because it is only allowing us to because let's see if I if
I was able to fill something index to with a value five it's a there were two ways of feeling this one
with a weight of ten and one with a weight of five only then of course, minimum wage would be five
rate.
Because if I feel this five, then it is like good for future uses of of future differences.
This minimum wage should be five because I have to feel the next.
Okay.
Well, then I prefer the next table and I prefer the next table and so on.
Right.
So the storage and the space and complexity of it is there into the power.
Seven.
BULL Oh, thank you, race.
And see you in the next.
And there were seven in the next video.
Mr..